So were you able to create those pages on your own.
Let's find out together.
I'm starting an a blank project.
You probably chose the same approach.
Now in this project I want to create all those pages we need.
And you learn that we can use to see live words or do it manually.
Now here I will use to Selye despite all the boilerplate it will give us.
So if I want to generate page I can generate a new page and as let out in the last budget we need a
page for our library which will hold the categories of quotes.
Then we need a page 40 individual quotes inside of one of the chosen categories.
We need the individual quote page if we tab on a quote in our favorites page which we haven't written
yet to display in a modal.
Speaking of that we showed this blady or we should create the favorite's page of course which allows
us to display all our favorites quotes.
And last but not least we need the settings page.
Actually we will soon need an additional page but I will come back to this.
Now with these changes in place we can get rid of the home page year of this whole folder and that of
course will break our app but will soon fix it.
With that we get the pages we need.
Thus far though to hook them up we will use tabs navigation soon before doing that though.
Let's simply make dead favorite's page a root page.
We can do this in the app folder here here in the AB component we're setting up what our root page should
be.
And currently it's set to our home page which of course doesn't exist anymore.
So let's simply get rid of that import here at the top and let's replace home page with favorite's page
like this.
Of course we also now need to add import.
So we should add the import of favorite's page.
Your and of course specify the path.
Now the path is simply in the pages folder and there add favorites.
Favorites like this with this if I saved this and I own it.
Serve is already running for me here.
It will report this project and if we reloaders we see an error.
Now what's this error.
Now the error is that I didn't clean up my apt module here.
I'm still referencing the home page and I didn't add the new page.
So don't forget this day is something you will run into quite a lot because it's easy to forget.
Always make sure to add the pages you're using here and clean up any pages you might not use anymore.
So I delete the home page and its import and now I'm adding the favorites page and the favorites page
import to your name.
Also adding it to entry components.
I could also already get all the other pages and it will do so in a second.
Let me first show you the running application though.
So with data changed in YAB module we should see the favorite's page.
Not very amazing and definitely something we can improve when it comes to styling but it works.
Now before finishing this would you want to add all the pages so that it will work when we start using
them and then in the next lecture of course we should also think about how we want to navigate around
we want to use those tabs in the end right and we haven't learned how to do that yet.
So let's learn this in the next lecture.
But before doing this again let's add all the other pages.
So let's add the library page and its import.
Let's add the quotes page and its import.
Let's add the single quote page and its import and let's add the settings page and its import.
So again make sure that you also add all those imports here at the top from the pages folder and then
the appropriate subfolder is all to make sure to copy all those pages.
So we're going to load them through ironic TOS navigation stack and add them to entry components down
there so that angle or two is actually able to give us instances of those components when we need them.
With that set up we created all the pages.
The next step is to set up the tabs navigation and I'm not going to ask you to do this in advance because
we haven't learned it yet.
We will do so in the next lecture though.